Proposing adding some other error codes (#1645)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: migration/troubleshooting-common-spmt-issues.md

|0x02070009|Several packages failed to upload. Pause the task and check your network connection.|
|0x01710009|A failure occured due to job end failures; some items failed in the package. Restart migration.|
0x01610001|The Azure container is expired. Retry migration task.|   

> |0x01710004|Errors or timeout for Server Processing the file. Fail to lookup folder name. The item may exist in other list or site in the same site collection. Or the item is in the recycle bin.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|0x01710004|Errors or timeout of the server processing the file. Failed to look up folder name. The item may exist in another list or site in the same site collection, or the item is in the recycle bin.|
```

Author: Hello Johan, the sentences used here were contributed by a user who experienced those errors, so he received the exact same words from the application, my opinion would be to maintain the exact sentences...

Reviewer: @get-itips Fair enough. I will delete my suggestion. Thank you for clarifying.

> |0x01710004|Errors or timeout for Server Processing the file. Fail to lookup folder name. The item may exist in other list or site in the same site collection. Or the item is in the recycle bin.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|0x01710004|Errors or timeout for Server Processing the file. Fail to lookup folder name. The item may exist in other list or site in the same site collection. Or the item is in the recycle bin.|
```
